Ourabjorn got a new cape. Welbert is now the Rimmy Pimp tm. Orabjorn opened a letter. the letter said the queen would be there in a week and will dock on the west side of the continent. Aran said "What's Up, Chung" to chung. Chung and Aran need to have a conversation about stuff.Chung and Aran performed a ritual to transfer Chung's Eyes of F8 to Aran in the unfortunate case that Chung dies.The party attuned to a lot of items.Then they aquired most of their puppers and tiptoed over to Grasper's Reap.The reapers allowed passage but with a close eye watching the party.Scout sneezed.Toblin puts his sunglasses away-it's like he's a whole new man. Some cool armor was found and it got super heavy as Welbert picked up each piece. The helmet whispered to him as he put it on. Lawn told Ourabjorn that he wants us to find a cave. Aran got abused for trying to play Rock, Paper, Scissors with the Reapers as we were leaving Reaper's Grasp. Toblin failed to pet Doug and seems to have ran away. F. Lawn was very picky about the Husk we got him, and didn't tell us til after we traveled all the way to a cave. Lawn was revived to sick Burrito music. He went to make a dramatic exit and go kill a person, but Aran stopped him to play Rock, Paper, Scissors. Aran did paper. Lawn used sword. Aran has one hand. Aran has one hook. The party then went to fight a lich or somin and a Floating Eye screamed and hurt Ourabjorn and Welbert. The Queen is set to arrive 4.5 days. In the beginning, there were two gods fighting over control of the world, Kyranian and Atropus. For billions of years, they were united in an ever lasting combat, seizing one part of the planet, while their counterpart conquered the other.

Kyranian represented the living will of the planet, to cultivate life, and originally resided on the surface to see to it that life developed and prospered. Atropus represented the evil and malice of the world, residing in the core and underworld, seeking only the destruction of the planet. Kyranian sought to control Atropus and his influence, while Atropus sought to destroy all things.

As their feud continued, life began to spring forward, and humankind started to take their first steps. Kyranian saw this, and flocked to guide and protect them. The most masochistic and evil of the new human race was exiled, and was drawn to the overwhelming darkness of Atropus.

Their duel was eternal, and Atropus with his new followers, infused them with a portion of his power. This is the first of the Eyes of Fate, granted by the eternal ones. What they saw as a tool to help them conquer, the humans saw as saints blessed by the divine and evil one. Kyranian saw Atropus gifting his power to mortals, and she saw no other alternative to do the same, lest she be overwhelmed by this new force.

As humans evolved and developed over the course of a few hundred years, the number of humans granted these new powers grew rapidly, and by the end, there were many that did different things. Atropus created Eyes that would alter and destroy the world around him, while Kyranian saw to it to create powers that would shape and manipulate the world in a non-destructive way. 

As their immortality drew to a close, Atropus and Kyranian had Eyes of Fate of their own. What they saw as gifting their power, was actually splitting it, reducing their immortality and pushing them to mortals. Atropus and Kyranian eventually fell to unknown places, and their followers carried out their wills and fought briefly. Over the next few hundred years, their bloodshed ceased, and over another few hundred years, there was hardly a difference between Eyes descended from Atropus and those of Kyranian.

Life would continue as normal until a promising mage, Shorzek, came to a greater understanding of the magical world. He determined that the body's soul lives on after death, and after years of research, developed a way to keep the souls in the living plane past death.

After the 3rd war of Armota, Shorzek lost many close friends, and decided that this would be the prime time to bring back those who had been taken away from him. In a state of grief, he preformed the ritual on one of his closest friends, his right hand man in the 3rd war, Lon. After rising again, Lon was confused and scared, shunning Shorzek's decision instead of praising him. But it was too late. Once the world saw that it could be done, more were reborn into metal bodies, and Lon was no longer the only Reaper.

Reapers lived alongside humans for around a decade before Shorzek, clear of mind and now ascended to Arch-mage, saw his mistakes, and there was word of dismantling all the Reapers. Lon, was one of the first to hear, and berated Shorzek, telling him that he can't commit such acts of necromancy, bringing sentient beings back to the world, only to destroy them. Lon tried to remind Shorzek of the humanity he once had, but behind all that metal, he was seen as a monster, as was the rest of the Reapers. Lon, seeing himself as more Reaper than human, beckoned his Eyes of Fate, and told Shorzek that if he planned to kill the Reapers again, he would have to kill his closest friend. Arch-mage Shorzek saw no alternative, and immediately attacked Lon. Shorzek, albeit Arch-mage, was no match for Lon's superior abilities, and Shorzek was slain.